son of man eat what you find eat this
son of man eat what you find eat this scroll and go speak to the house of
scroll and go speak to the house of
scroll and go speak to the house of Israel so I opened my mouth and he
Israel so I opened my mouth and he
Israel so I opened my mouth and he caused me to eat that scroll
caused me to eat that scroll
caused me to eat that scroll son of man feed your belly and fill your
son of man feed your belly and fill your
son of man feed your belly and fill your stomach with this scroll that I give you
stomach with this scroll that I give you
stomach with this scroll that I give you so I ate and it was in my mouth like
so I ate and it was in my mouth like
so I ate and it was in my mouth like honey in sweetness son of man go to the
honey in sweetness son of man go to the
honey in sweetness son of man go to the house of Israel and speak with my words
house of Israel and speak with my words
house of Israel and speak with my words to them for you are not sent to a people
to them for you are not sent to a people
to them for you are not sent to a people of unfamiliar speech and of hard
of unfamiliar speech and of hard
of unfamiliar speech and of hard language but to the house of Israel not
language but to the house of Israel not
language but to the house of Israel not too many people of unfamiliar speech and
too many people of unfamiliar speech and
too many people of unfamiliar speech and of hard language whose words you cannot
of hard language whose words you cannot
of hard language whose words you cannot understand surely had I sent you to them
understand surely had I sent you to them
understand surely had I sent you to them they would have listened to you but the
they would have listened to you but the
they would have listened to you but the house of Israel will not listen to you
house of Israel will not listen to you
house of Israel will not listen to you because they will not listen to me for
because they will not listen to me for
because they will not listen to me for all the house of Israel are impudent and
all the house of Israel are impudent and
all the house of Israel are impudent and hard-hearted
hard-hearted
hard-hearted behold I have made your face strong
behold I have made your face strong
behold I have made your face strong against their faces and your forehead
against their faces and your forehead
against their faces and your forehead strong against their foreheads like
strong against their foreheads like
strong against their foreheads like adamant stone harder than Flint I have
adamant stone harder than Flint I have
adamant stone harder than Flint I have made your forehead do not be afraid of
made your forehead do not be afraid of
made your forehead do not be afraid of them nor be dismayed at their looks
them nor be dismayed at their looks
them nor be dismayed at their looks though they are a rebellious house son
though they are a rebellious house son
though they are a rebellious house son of man receiving to your heart all my
of man receiving to your heart all my
of man receiving to your heart all my words that I speak to you and hear with
words that I speak to you and hear with
words that I speak to you and hear with your ears and go get to the captives to
your ears and go get to the captives to
your ears and go get to the captives to the children of your people and speak to
the children of your people and speak to
the children of your people and speak to them until then thus says the Lord God
them until then thus says the Lord God
them until then thus says the Lord God whether they hear or whether they refuse
whether they hear or whether they refuse
whether they hear or whether they refuse then the spirit lifted me up and I heard
then the spirit lifted me up and I heard
then the spirit lifted me up and I heard behind me a great thunder esporte
behind me a great thunder esporte
behind me a great thunder esporte blessed is the glory of the Lord from
blessed is the glory of the Lord from
blessed is the glory of the Lord from his place I also heard the noise of the
his place I also heard the noise of the
his place I also heard the noise of the wings of the living creatures that
wings of the living creatures that
wings of the living creatures that touched one another
touched one another
touched one another and the noise of the wheels beside them
and the noise of the wheels beside them
and the noise of the wheels beside them and a great thunderous noise so the
and a great thunderous noise so the
and a great thunderous noise so the spirit lifted me up and took me away and
spirit lifted me up and took me away and
spirit lifted me up and took me away and I went in bitterness in the heat of my
I went in bitterness in the heat of my
I went in bitterness in the heat of my spirit but the hand of the Lord was
spirit but the hand of the Lord was
spirit but the hand of the Lord was strong upon me then I came to the
strong upon me then I came to the
strong upon me then I came to the captives at Taleban who dwelt by the
captives at Taleban who dwelt by the
captives at Taleban who dwelt by the river keyboard and I sat where they sat
river keyboard and I sat where they sat
river keyboard and I sat where they sat and remained there astonished among them
and remained there astonished among them
and remained there astonished among them seven days now it came to pass at the
seven days now it came to pass at the
seven days now it came to pass at the end of seven days that the word of the
end of seven days that the word of the
end of seven days that the word of the Lord came to me
Lord came to me
Lord came to me son of man I have made you a watchman
son of man I have made you a watchman
son of man I have made you a watchman for the house of Israel therefore hear a
for the house of Israel therefore hear a
for the house of Israel therefore hear a word from my mouth and give them warning
word from my mouth and give them warning
word from my mouth and give them warning from me when I say to the wicked you
from me when I say to the wicked you
from me when I say to the wicked you shall surely die and you give him no
shall surely die and you give him no
shall surely die and you give him no warning nor speak to warn the wicked
warning nor speak to warn the wicked
warning nor speak to warn the wicked from his wicked way to save his life
from his wicked way to save his life
from his wicked way to save his life that same wicked man shall die in his
that same wicked man shall die in his
that same wicked man shall die in his iniquity but his blood I will require at
iniquity but his blood I will require at
iniquity but his blood I will require at your hand yet if you warn the wicked and
your hand yet if you warn the wicked and
your hand yet if you warn the wicked and he does not turn from his wickedness nor
he does not turn from his wickedness nor
he does not turn from his wickedness nor from his wicked way he shall die in his
from his wicked way he shall die in his
from his wicked way he shall die in his iniquity but you have delivered your
iniquity but you have delivered your
iniquity but you have delivered your soul again when a righteous man turns
soul again when a righteous man turns
soul again when a righteous man turns from his righteousness and commits
from his righteousness and commits
from his righteousness and commits iniquity and I lay a stumbling block
iniquity and I lay a stumbling block
iniquity and I lay a stumbling block before him he shall die because you did
before him he shall die because you did
before him he shall die because you did not give him warning he shall die in his
not give him warning he shall die in his
not give him warning he shall die in his sin and his righteousness which he has
sin and his righteousness which he has
sin and his righteousness which he has done shall not be remembered but his
done shall not be remembered but his
done shall not be remembered but his blood I will require at your hand
blood I will require at your hand
blood I will require at your hand nevertheless if you warn the righteous
nevertheless if you warn the righteous
nevertheless if you warn the righteous man that the righteous should not sin
man that the righteous should not sin
man that the righteous should not sin and he does not sin he shall surely live
and he does not sin he shall surely live
and he does not sin he shall surely live because he took warning also
because he took warning also
because he took warning also you will have delivered your soul then
you will have delivered your soul then
you will have delivered your soul then the hand of the Lord was upon me there
the hand of the Lord was upon me there
the hand of the Lord was upon me there and he said to me arise
and he said to me arise
and he said to me arise go out into the plane
go out into the plane
go out into the plane and then I shall talk with him so I
and then I shall talk with him so I
and then I shall talk with him so I arose and went out into the plain and
arose and went out into the plain and
arose and went out into the plain and behold the glory of the Lord stood there
behold the glory of the Lord stood there
behold the glory of the Lord stood there like the glory which I saw by the river
like the glory which I saw by the river
like the glory which I saw by the river Kiba and I fell on my face then the
Kiba and I fell on my face then the
Kiba and I fell on my face then the spirit entered me and set me on my feet
spirit entered me and set me on my feet
spirit entered me and set me on my feet and spoke with me go shut yourself
and spoke with me go shut yourself
and spoke with me go shut yourself inside your house and you O son of men
inside your house and you O son of men
inside your house and you O son of men surely they will put roofs on you and
surely they will put roofs on you and
surely they will put roofs on you and bind you with them so that you cannot go
bind you with them so that you cannot go
bind you with them so that you cannot go out among them I will make your tongue
out among them I will make your tongue
out among them I will make your tongue cling to the roof of your mouth so that
cling to the roof of your mouth so that
cling to the roof of your mouth so that you shall be mute and not be one to
you shall be mute and not be one to
you shall be mute and not be one to rebuke them for they are a rebellious
rebuke them for they are a rebellious
rebuke them for they are a rebellious house but when I speak with you I will
house but when I speak with you I will
house but when I speak with you I will open your mouth and you shall say to
open your mouth and you shall say to
open your mouth and you shall say to them thus says the Lord God he who hears
them thus says the Lord God he who hears
them thus says the Lord God he who hears let him hear and he who refuses let him
let him hear and he who refuses let him
let him hear and he who refuses let him refuse for they are a rebellious house
refuse for they are a rebellious house
refuse for they are a rebellious house [Music]